Add lib, readme, make package publishable (#1)
wbobeirne/eth-balance-checker: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/2ZBxjyu.png" width="340" />
  <h1>Ethereum Balance Checker</h1>
</p>

> A contract and library pair that allows you to check formultiple token and ETH

Reviewer: Typo

> A contract and library pair that allows you to check formultiple token and ETH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A smart contract and library pair that allows you to check for multiple ERC20 and Ether
```

> balances across multiple addresses in a single call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
balances across multiple addresses in a single RPC call.
```

* `options?: Options` - Options for the contract, see above for options.

##### Returns
```js
Promise<{
  // Ether balance
  "0x0": BigNumber,
  // Token balances
  "0x123...": BigNumber,
  "0x456...": BigNumber,
  ...
}>
```

##### Example
```ts
import Web3 from 'web3';
import { getAddressBalances } from 'eth-balance-checker/lib/web3';

const web3 = new Web3(...);
const address = '0x123...';
const tokens = ['0x0', '0x456...'];
getAddressBalances(web3, address, tokens).then(balances => {
  console.log(balances); // { "0x0": BigNumber, "0x456...": BigNumber }
});
```

#### getAddressesBalances

##### Parameters
* `provider: Web3 | Ethers.Provider` - The provider to use for the contract call.
* `addresses: string[]` - Array of addresses to lookup balances for.
* `tokens: string[]` - Array of token contract addresses. Only supports ERC20 tokens.
* `options?: Options` - Options for the contract, see above for options.

##### Returns
```js
Promise<{
  // Address as the key
  "0x123...": {
    // Ether balance
    "0x0": BigNumber,
    // Token balances
    "0x456...": BigNumber,
    "0x789...": BigNumber,
    ...
  },
  ...
}>
```

> ##### Example

Reviewer: Duplicate
